item.guitest.name=Welcome!
item.ItemTable.name=Table
tile.BlockTable.name=Table
item.TableLeg.name=Table leg
tile.TileEntityTest.name=Test Block

item.Enderiumingot.name=Enderium Ingot
item.Steelrod.name=Steel Rod
item.ItemEnderiumSword.name=Enderium Sword
item.EnderiumHelmet.name=Enderium Helmet
item.EnderiumChestplate.name=Enderium Chestplate
item.EnderiumLeggings.name=Enderium Leggings
item.EnderiumBoots.name=Enderium Boots

item.Bonemeal_0.name=Paint Mix
item.Bonemeal_1.name=Paint Mix (Blue)
item.Bonemeal_2.name=Paint Mix (Red)
item.Bonemeal_3.name=Paint Mix (Green)
item.Bonemeal_4.name=Paint Mix (Yellow)
item.Bonemeal_5.name=Paint Mix (Brown)
tile.drywall_0.name=Drywall
tile.drywall_1.name=Drywall (Blue)
tile.drywall_2.name=Drywall (Red)
tile.drywall_3.name=Drywall (Green)
tile.drywall_4.name=Drywall (Yellow)
tile.drywall_5.name=Drywall (Brown)
item.Paintcan.name=Paint Can
item.EmptyPaintcan.name=Empty Paint Can

item.Sausageraw.name=Raw Sausage
item.HotDog.name=HotDog

item.ItemEmeraldPickaxe.name=Emerald Pickaxe
item.ItemEmeraldAxe.name=Emerald Axe
item.ItemEmeraldSpade.name=Emerald Shovel
item.ItemEmeraldHoe.name=Emerald Hoe
item.ItemEmeraldSword.name=Emerald Sword

item.EmeraldHelmet.name=Emerald Helmet
item.EmeraldChestplate.name=Emerald Chestplate
item.EmeraldLeggings.name=Emerald Leggings
item.EmeraldBoots.name=Emerald Boots

itemGroup.tabFirstEver=First Mod Ever